Eleanor Chia

52 Westwood Terrace Singapore 648631

(65) 9119 2871

oneleanor@gmail .com

8 March 2018

Bloomberg HR Department

Dear Sir/Mdm, 

I am keen in the 2018 Market Data Analyst (Singapore) role. With over 10 years of diverse experiences 
in teaching, administrative duties, and fostering working relationships as an educator, I am an advocate 
for continuous learning and would like to contribute to the finance industry.

Although I come from the education industry, I have been relying on Bloomberg regularly for the past 6 
years for global investment news and market watch for my personal investment. Hence, I am familiar 
with Bloomberg, at least as a consumer. This means that I would be able to contribute to Bloomberg 
based on my user experience for the past 6 years. 

I have also completed ‘Basics of Financial Management Programme’ which was jointly  organised by 
Citi-NIE Financial Literacy Hub and SGX Academy. I read widely and constantly update myself on 
economic news. I believe in the growth mindset and have a hunger for knowledge not only in the 
finance industry, but also in other industries and aspects of life. 

I have a Bachelor's degree in the Arts from Nanyang Technological University where I majored in 
English, a teaching diploma from National Institute of Education, an advanced diploma in Art education 
from National Institute of Education and 10 years of work experience with Ministry of Education 
(Singapore) in which I was also involved in data analysis for schools. In my last 2 years with MOE, I was 
in the school’s ICT Department where I worked with figures for the school cockpit and data 
management system. 

As an Arts major in English who also did curriculum studies in Mathematics and Art at NTU, I believe I 
have excellent numerical and communication skills and business fluency in English. I am also fluent in 
Mandarin Chinese. Having come from a Special Assistance Plan school – Nan Hua High School, I have 
done Higher Chinese since primary school and did Chinese as a main subject at the GCE A levels. 

I have a positive attitude with good interpersonal skills, as well as the ability to multi-task, prioritise 
and work within tight deadlines. I am known to be a meticulous worker who pays a lot of attention to 
detail, with an aptitude for working quickly and accurately, as proven by my 100% accuracy in my 
marking and projects in schools. I also have strong project management, problem solving and analytical 
skills as exemplified by the projects that I managed and completed by the deadline. 

I am proficient in Microsoft Excel, although I lack advanced technical knowledge in VBA, SQL, Python, 
MATLAB, R but I am willing to learn to use such tools if I am given the chance to work in Bloomberg. 

I am available to work for Bloomberg immediately. Should you need further information, feel free to 
contact me. I look forward to the opportunity to discuss in further detail, my ability to fulfil your 
requirements. Thank you.

Regards, 
Eleanor Chia

