 

NEERAJA LALITHA MURALIDHARAN 

E-Mail: neerajalm.work@gmail.com | Mobile: +65 88120652 

LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/neeraja-lalitha-muralidharan 

Visualization Technologies: Tableau, ArcGIS  

Statistical  &  Machine  Learning  Methods:  Regression  Analysis,  Time 
Series  Modelling,  Cluster  Analysis,  Decision  Trees,  Survival  Analysis, 
Dimensionality  &Feature  Reduction,  Natural  language  Processing,  RFM 
analysis, Deep Learning Techniques, Neural Networks 

 
PROFILE 
 
An  assiduous  and  accomplished  Data  analyst with  3  years  of  experience  in  Analytics  and  Information 
Technology. Data-driven individual, enthusiastic about finding patterns in data, designing actionable analyses 
and  effectively  communicating  recommendations. Currently  working  as  a  Data  Analyst  Intern  with 
Intercontinental Hotels Group, APAC. 
 
KEY SKILLS                
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EDUCATION 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
NATIONAL UNIVERSITY OF SINGAPORE             Jan’17 - Present 
  
M.TECH IN ENTERPRISE BUSINESS ANALYTICS  
              
Coursework:  Foundation  of  Business  Analytics,  Data  Analytics,  Advanced 
Analytics,  Geospatial  Analytics,  Campaign  Management,  Clinical  Health 
Analytics,  Customer  Relationship  Management,  Decision  Making  and 
Optimization, Supply Chain Analytics, Text Mining 
 
PONDICHERRY UNIVERSITY, INDIA                                 June 2014 
 
B.TECH IN ELECTRONICS AND COMMUNICATION                       GPA 4/5 
 

Programming Languages and Tools: R Studio, Python, JMP, SPSS, Excel, 

SQL, RPG, RPGLE 

 

Supply Chain Management and Retail Domain Certification 
Google AdWords Search Certification 
Google Analytics for Beginners 
Google Ecommerce Analytics: From Data to Decisions 

CERTIFICATIONS         
 
 
 
 
PROFESSIONAL 
EXPERIENCE 

Data Analyst Intern – Marketing Performance & Analytics, AMEA 
InterContinental Hotels Group, Singapore (August 2017 – Till date) 
 

•  Designed  and  deployed  high  quality  visualisations  and  dashboards  to 
analyze how well the organization has performed compared to the previous 
year  and  their  target  and  a  way  forward  to  identify  opportunities  of 
improving the revenue management practices using Tableau.  

•  Designed  a  data  analytics  system  to  explore  the  revenues  from  various 
segments  like  MICE,  Corporate,  Airlines  and  channels  like  Brand 
Website, Online Travel Agents, Central Reservation Office with higher 
degree of granularity.  

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DATA SCIENCE 
PROJECTS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

•  Gathered  key  insights  from  hotel  performance  data  and  identified  the 
influential internal factors to forecast the key performance indicators like 
Total Revenue, RGI (Revenue generation Index), Occupancy and average 
daily rate by using various Time Series models.   

•  Reviewed  and  linked  macroeconomic  indicators  associated  with  the 
performance  of  hospitality industry  and  devised a  way  forward  for better 
forecasting at a sub-regional/ country/ city level. 

•  Developed  Machine  learning  models  to  forecast  the  Total  Revenue  by 

considering various macro-economic indicators. 

 
Research Assistant 
Singapore General Hospital (December 2017 – Till date) 

 

•  Designed a prototype to measure the proprioceptive functions in people of 

various age group as well as diabetic patients. 

•  Also  designed  a  questionnaire  to  collect  data  from  the  public  using  the 

designed prototypes. 

•  Performing  analysis  on  the  data  collected  using  the  prototype  to  find  the 

threshold value for proprioceptive dysfunctions. 

•  Build  classification  model  using  various  classification  techniques  like 
random  forest,  neural  network  and  support  vector  machine  to  predict  the 
proprioception dysfunction. 

 

Programmer Business Analyst  
Cognizant, India (July 2014 – December 2016) 
 

•  Developed use cases for software development 
•  Analysed and designed Business and functional requirements and worked 
with the team through the entire process of software development life cycle. 
•  Built  new  process  to  receive  inventory  data  from  one  system  to  SIMS 
AS400 and process the data in the central store (ADR4) with cross referring 
the Product Link numbers. 

•  Developed AS400 applications as per the business requirements to process 

• 

the data and print invoice reports. 
Improvised the application to handle receiving of Drop-ship items at POA 
process more efficiently. 

 
  Google Campaign Management: Involved in running a paid search campaign 
for  a  start-up  “CrossTrack”  in  Singapore  using  google  AdWords  for  brand 
awareness and lead generation. Used Google Analytics and AdWords strategies 
like  keyword,  location,  SEO  and  ad  optimization to  increase  the  revenue  by  2 
times over a span of 3 weeks  

 

Stock Index Forecast: Built a neural network model to forecast the Stock Price 
Index using the Close, Open, Low, High and Adjusted close values. 

 

Web  Usage  Mining:  Built  Market  Basket  analysis  model  to  identify  the 
associations and sequences followed in the pages on the Microsoft website and 
convert the pages to recommendations to the user. 
 
Network Analysis: Built a networking model in R to merge different data files 
with airport data and identify the Communities formed by various airports and the 
Key player of each community. 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Employee  Attrition  Risk  Assessment:  Developed  a  risk  model  using  logistic 
regression  technique  to  predict  employee  attrition  in  an  organization  based  on 
demographic information of separated employees. 

   

Customer  Segmentation:  Using  clustering  algorithms  like  K  means  and  K 
medoids, segmentation of the customers based on the demographic and behavioral 
data was performed. 
 
RFM analysis on blood donors: Using various Deep Learning algorithms, built 
prediction model to identify the future blood donors.  
 
Accident  Survival  Prediction:  Build  a  model  using  Naïve  Bayes  Network  to 
predict the likelihood injury level for vehicle occupants using vehicle crash data.  
  
Data Visualization: Created a Tableau Dashboard to show the Electricity & Gas 
consumption in Singapore  

  

Demand Prediction: Worked on Capital Bike Share Demand Prediction to device 
an  Ensemble  model  to  predict  the  next  day  demand.  Techniques  used  include 
Linear Regression, Random Forest, Naïve, Neural Nets and Gradient Boost  
 

Salary Forecasting: Forecasted the salary levels of people living in US. The model 
was built from census data using logistic regression method.   

 

 

 

  

