#9-696, 91 Commonwealth Drive S140091 | HP: (65) 83567158 | Email: dinh0011@e.ntu.edu.sg 

NGAN DINH 

Nanyang Technological University 
Bachelor of Business 
• 

Second Class Honours, Top 3 performers in International Business Sem 2 AY17 

EDUCATION 

WORKING EXPERIENCE 

Sage Asia  
Business Analyst – Professional Service 

Singapore 
Aug 2014 – May 2017 

Singapore 
Jun 2017 - Present 

•  Coordinated regional IT consulting projects with consultants and assisted Professional Services Director in metrics reporting and 

formulation and execution of division’s Go-to-Market strategy, resulted in ~40% increase in Q1 & Q2 revenue and expected to 
exceed FY18 budget. 

•  Revamped the project workflow and rolled out new pricing strategy across product portfolio in Singapore and Malaysia, which led 

to backlog reduction and utilization improvement of 25%. 

•  Built Excel forecast & scenario models and perform data analytics for business intelligence, strategic planning and budgeting. 

IMERYS Asia Pacific  
Strategy and Business Development Intern 

Singapore 
Aug 2016 – Apr 2017 

•  Mapped and built a database of 500+ Carbonates plants and mines in Vietnam, Thailand, Indonesia and China. 
• 

Identified top 6 local Carbonates producers and conducted target screening to propose recommendations to Board of Directors for 
Merger & Acquisition. 

•  Conducted primary and secondary research covering Mining & Minerals in Vietnam, performed commercial due diligence, financial 

modelling and developed business cases. 

•  Assisted in pre-deal negotiation and built strong relationship with C-level executives of target. 

Novartis Pharmaceuticals 
 Data Analytics Intern 

Singapore 
May 2016 – Jul 2016 

•  Developed new business dashboard analytics while optimizing existing ones that resulted in 10% efficiency increase. 
•  Monitored KPIs and analyzed large dataset using Excel and BI tools; Identify and interpret trends in data collated and perform data 

visualization to help top management gain insights and make decisions. 

JW Marriott Hanoi 
Procurement Intern 

Hanoi, Vietnam 
Jun 2015 – Aug 2015 

•  Responsible for procurement of 50+ order requests daily and preparation of budgeted costs and price updates 
•  Assisted Purchasing Manager in doing market research, vendor due diligence and contract negotiation. 
•  Onboarded successfully 2 new vendors and negotiated 10% discount on contract with Metro Cash&Carry. 

AWARDS & EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 

African Business Model Challenge 
Second Runner-up 

Singapore 
May 2016 – Aug 2016 

•  Led a team of three conducting extensive researches to build a business model and proposed business plan to help GFK – a startup 

producing biodiesel from croton nut enter biofuel market in Kenya. 

Hyper Haze Hackathon 
Champion 

Singapore 
Oct 2015 

•  Developed Hazero – an app that gives PSI readings based on users’ location while deploying users’ health data to offer them 

practical health advisories at a hackathon organized by Google Singapore. 

NTU Current Affairs Society 
VP, Financial Controller  

Singapore 
Sep 2015 – Sep 2016 

•  Managed all cash and financial reporting, budget forecasting and help club cut costs by 15% for AGM 2015. 

Harvard Project for Asian and International Relations 
Delegate, Finance and World Economy panel 

Manila, Philippines 
Aug 2015 

•  Finalist team presenting case study on the Effect of Banking Liberalization to judges from Morgan Stanley and Harvard University. 

Global Cultural Engagement Convention 
Delegate 
•  One of four student representatives from NTU at GCEC 2015 hosted by HKUST; Outstanding team Award with 
project idea “Hong Kong – Amazing Race” 
Vietnamese Youth Model United Nations 
Director of Communication, Secretariat 

Hong Kong 
Jun 2015 

Hanoi, Vietnam 
Dec 2013 – Aug 2014 

 

•  Led communication team of 10 members and executed social media strategy and initiatives that resulted in 60% traffic increase 

during the first week and received Distinguished Member of the Year Award. 

Languages: Native Vietnamese, fluent in English 
Skills: Advanced Excel, SQL, SPSS, Tableau 

 

LANGUAGES, SKILLS 

