221 Queensway #06-11, Singapore 276750 | +65-93264745 (SGP) +65-64040295 (SGP-HOME) | harjosherrin@gmail.com 

Sherrin Harjo 

 
EDUCATION      

University of California, Berkeley - Berkeley, CA, USA (August 2012 to August 2015) 
College of Letters and Science, Bachelors of Arts in Economics, Class of 2015 
Cumulative GPA: 3.7/4.0 | Major GPA: 3.8/4.0  

 

AWARDS AND DISTINCTIONS  

University of California, Berkeley Dean’s Honor List (Spring 2013 & 2014) 
Participated in 17th Annual Goldman Sachs Case Competition 
Won 1st Place in Humanities Youth Conference and 1st Place in Equilibrium Economics Competition  
Represented the school in Rome Model United Nations and Singapore Model United Nations  
Top Mathematics Student Award (2007) 
 

LANGUAGES  

Native Proficiency in Bahasa Indonesia. Advanced Proficiency in English. Intermediate Proficiency in Mandarin Chinese. 

 

RELATED COURSEWORK  

Economic Analysis – Microeconomics      
Economic Analysis – Macroeconomics      
Economic Statistics & Econometrics   

Financial Accounting (Intermediate) 
Financial Economics  
Financial Institutions & Markets  

International Trade 
Investments  
Professional Communication 

 

 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE    

EY-Parthenon - Singapore    
Senior Associate, Strategy & Transformation, Transaction Advisory Services (Jan 2017 to Present) 
Management consultant with extensive experience in the following projects:  
   Commercial due diligence on an online fashion player in ASEAN for a sovereign wealth fund 
   Commercial due diligence of a leading supplier of cranes and heavy equipment for a private equity firm  
   Growth strategy to develop consumer product & retail industry within emerging markets  
   Financial transformation strategy to design and implement a capital allocation methodology for a large utility firm in South East Asia 
   Financial transformation strategy to implement budget, annual operating plan & forecasting system across business lines for a large utility 

firm in South East Asia 

   Post-merger integration for a telecommunications operator acquiring a technology firm 
   Working capital strategy transformation to identify quick win improvement levers on cost for a leading retail company in Singapore 
   Business transformation implementation support for a leading beverage distributor in Thailand, focusing on organizational restructuring, 

change management and large scale and rapid recruitment 

 
StyleTribute - Singapore    
Operations Intern (November 2016 to November 2016) 
   Responsible for assisting the team with general day-to-day operational duties such as uploading new products on the website, inventory 

management, creating local and international invoices, item collection, packaging and delivery. 

 
Singapore Exchange (also known as SGX) - Singapore    
Operations – Securities Market Control Intern (June 2013 to August 2013) 
   Observed and learned methods of advising clients in a timely manner with operational queries and compliant and non-compliant trades 

using rules and regulations that need to be adhered when trading in the Exchange.  

   Analyzed and ensured efficient dissemination of corporate data involving dividend distribution and IPO listing to users. Witnessed 

operations of various products in the securities market and business continuity program of the Exchange.  

   Verified money settlements and morning reports extracted from Bloomberg and updated exchange rate into SGX prime.  

 

PT. Djarum - Jakarta, Indonesia  
Winter Extern (November 2010 to December 2010) 
  Acquired knowledge of Indonesia’s cigarette industry and company’s research strategies before launching a new product. 
  Synthesized insights on cigarette prices and tax system onto a 35-page research paper.   

 

PT. Grand Indonesia - Jakarta, Indonesia                                                      
Summer Intern (June 2010 to June 2010) 
  Familiarized with activities of various departments, with emphasis on finance and marketing. 
  Recorded and consolidated financial information to an excel spreadsheet. 
  Assisted marketing director through any meetings with prospective tenants. 

