Xu Xinyi

˘ +65 9396 9005 • Q michaelxysg@gmail.com

Education

National University of Singapore (NUS)
Double Degree in Computer Science (Hons) and Applied Mathematics
Hwa Chong Institution
A-level, GP(A) Economics(A) Maths(A) Physics(A) Chemistry(A) PW(A)
Hwa Chong Institution
Secondary 3 and 4, SMTP class, Integrated Programme

+

+

+

Singapore
Aug 2015 - Jan 2020
Singapore
Jan 2013 - Oct 2014
Singapore
Jan 2011 - Oct 2012

+

Work Experience
Singapore
Data Analytics Intern
Catena Technologies
May 2018 - Jul 2018
- Took initiative to learn about the trade reporting business and analyzed its procedures and thereafter
designed several KPIs from the data analytics perspective. The KPIs were adopted by the team as
performance metrics.

- Designed and implemented an interactive dashboard in python, and incorporated it to company’s

demo to clients and contributed to signing one of the largest clients.

- Spearheaded in carrying out data analytics, in R and python and found previously undiscovered

inter-correlations.

+

Singapore
Artiﬁcial Intelligence Engineer Intern
May 2017 - Aug 2017
Sompo Holdings
- Self-motivated to pick up machine learning theories, and conducted reports and presentations, during
which I explained clearly the complicated concepts. The reports and presentation decks were later
circulated internally.

- Implemented machine learning algorithms including SVM, RNN and RandomForest and I
completed a research paper that served a key role in the company’s proof-of-concept
project.

- Coordinated and eﬀectively collaborated with diﬀerent teams members from US, Japan, India
and Singapore. Took charge of overseeing the project progress and completed internal evaluation
reports to the management level and received very positive feedback.

Scholarship and Awards
+ Science and Technology Scholarship from NUS

- Awarded for my junior college performance when I enrolled in NUS.

+ SM1 Scholarship from Ministry of Education

- Awarded for my secondary school performance when I enrolled in Hwa Chong Institution.

1/2

ﬁltering.

Projects

+ Implemented data modeling techniques and machine learning algorithms

- Built a Tetris A.I. that could clear millions of rows.
- Implemented a classiﬁer model that can classify a driver’s action with 80% accuracy.

+ Developed an interactive dashboard on ﬁnancial data

- Developed components for real-time stock ticks and for live tweet feeds based on keyword

- Scrapped the web for ﬁnancial data for selected companies and designed and implemented
artiﬁcial intelligence and mathematical models to predict their future performances.

+ Financial statement analysis

- Developed parallel programs to download and manage tera-bytes of data from SEC oﬃcial

repository of public ﬁnancial statements of companies.

- In progress of formulating algorithms and writing programs to automate data extraction and

trend analysis.

2/2

