Quek Jian Hong Joel 
Address: 8 The Minton, Hougang Street 11, #06-21, Singapore 534082 
E-mail: jhquek.joel@gmail.com  
Contact No.: +65-81007701 (M) 

 

 

                                           Current 

 

                                        Aug 2015 

EDUCATION 
National University of Singapore 
Masters in Computing (Computer Science)  
Expected Graduation Date: May 2019 – Able to start on short notice and finish 
course on a part-time basis if required. 
 Nanyang Business School, Nanyang Technological University 
Double Degree in Business & Computer Science  
Dean's List (AY2014/15; 13/14; 12/13; 11/12) 
Valedictorian, Class of 2015 
Computer Science CGPA: 4.84, Business CGPA: 4.75 
  Singapore Polytechnic 
Diploma in Electronics, Communications and Computer Engineering 
Graduated with a CGPA of 3.924/4 (Earned the Wanhe International Prize for topping the specialization) 
 
  INTERNSHIP/WORK EXPERIENCE 
Goldman Sachs 
Quantitative Risk Modeller, Finance Division   
•  Tasked with the development and review of quantitative models used by the firm to assess market risk in 

the credit space, reviewing the findings from the model validation team and modifying the models as 
appropriate. Models were implemented using Slang, a firm proprietary language similar to C. 

•  Analyzed and sourced appropriate datasets to be used for representing the firm’s risk exposure in its 

internal repo funding rate desk. 

•  Documented various value-at-risk and stress test models used by the firm in detail for the Federal 
Reserve’s comprehensive capital analysis and review – an annual exercise whereby the regulator 
rigorously assesses the firm’s capability in withstanding unexpected adverse shocks to the markets. 

Apr 2016 – July 2017 

Apr 2011 

 JPMorgan Chase 
Technology Analyst (Software Developer) 
•  Conceptualized and built automated equity trading system in Java with a group of entry-level analysts as 

August 2015 – March 2016 

part of an inhouse trading competition. 

•  Developed a web application using a Python RESTful API backend that provides predictive analytics on the 

completion of scheduled trade processing tasks in Athena, JPMorgan’s cross asset risk management 
system – this pre-emptively notifies stakeholders of delays in the generation of critical information or reports 
by the system.  

•  Analyzed the different programming applications used by the FX, Commodities and Rates teams and found 

opportunities to standardize common functions into the same codebase. 

 JPMorgan Chase 
Summer Intern in FX Dev. Technology  
•  Designed and implemented an equity portfolio management system as part of an intern initiative; the 

system evaluates the portfolio's value at risk through Monte Carlo Simulations and recommends possible 
hedging and investment strategies such as purchasing options and rebalancing the portfolio. 

•  Streamlined business efficiencies by about 12 hours a week with the creation of a trade diagnostic web 

application that provides operations users with trade statuses and diagnostic analytics. 

•  Worked on Athena, JPMorgan's cross asset risk management system; Liaised with core developers to 

create a code framework for them to leverage on. 

May 2014 - Aug 2014 

 RELEVANT PROJECTS 
Kaggle Competition: Bank term deposit prediction problem from 
telemarketing data 
Team Lead, In-Class Kaggle for NUS-CS Graduate Module (Course taken part-
time) 
Placed 1st out of 29 teams for In-Class Kaggle Competition (Graduate-Level Data Mining module in NUS). 
Utilized stacking ensemble techniques featuring multiple Python sklearn machine learning models including 
Gradient Boosted Decision Trees, Neural Networks, feature engineering, hyperparameter tuning and thorough 
validation techniques to improve generalization. 
 

Nov 2017 

 

Aug 2014- Aug 2015 

Metacognitive Learning Algorithm for Big Data Analysis 
Final Year Project (Undergraduate studies) 
Developed meta-cognitive learning model regulating the when-to-learn, how-to-learn and what-to-learn aspects 
of batch learning. Improved upon the base Type-2 Fuzzy Neural Inference System in Python to generalize big 
data analysis better – validating it by successfully reducing testing error for many benchmark dataset problems 
after implementation. 
 Undergraduate Research Project 
Undergraduate Researcher 
Independently conducted research in the field of database optimization for science applications as part of the 
NTU's Undergraduate Research Experience on CAmpus (URECA)'s programme. 
Investigated optimization issues on efficient information retrieval including querying methods and other 
hardware and software related solutions.  
  
SKILLS/COMPETENCIES AND INTERESTS 
Quantitative 
Thinking 
IT Project 
Management 
Financial Analysis 

:  Engineering Background. Scored mostly As for coursework involving mathematics, 

including Calculus, Linear Algebra, Statistical and Quantitative Methods 

the pro-bono consulting project for a non-profit. 

:  Technical Lead Experience in SDLC level projects in school as well as internships. Led 

:  Taken and achieved As in coursework modules for Accounting, Financial Management, 

Aug 2012 - Aug 2013 

Economics and Business Analytics. Scored 670 for Bloomberg Aptitude Test. (99th 
percentile). Passed CFA level I in 2016. 

:  Competent with Java (OCJP-A Certified) and Python, intermediate working knowledge 
with C/C++. Scored A+'s in relevant coursework such as Object Oriented Programming, 
Data Structures and Algorithms. 

:  Familiar with working on ML models using Python sk-learn library and basics of working 

with MATLAB. Scored As in Business Analytics, Data Mining (A+’s for Artificial 
Intelligence and Neural Networks) 

:  Familiar with PHP, HTML5, JavaScript and RESTful web architecture 
:  English (Advanced), Mandarin (Chinese) (Advanced), Japanese (Elementary) 

Programming 

Data Science 

Web Development 
Language 
Proficiency 

  

