NGUYEN DANG THANH HA 

 (+65) 84972075  |  dthnguyen.2015@sis.smu.edu.sg |  linkedin.com/in/ha-nguyen-dang-thanh/ 

 

EDUCATION 

SINGAPORE MANAGEMENT UNIVERSITY 
-  Bachelor of Science (Information Systems) with 2nd major in Advanced Technology for Analytics 
-  Expected date of graduation: May 2019 

 

 

 

 

                                  Aug 2015 – Present  

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

THOMSON REUTERS – Natural Language Processing (NLP) Engineer (Intern)  
             May 2018 – Aug 2018 
-  Supported Data Engineer team of 4 members to deploy the NLP deep learning model, which extracts structured 
information from unstructured text, into the low-latency Thomson Reuters Intelligent Tagging (TRIT) platform 
using Java. It is the same service that powers Thomson Reuters Eikon and Reuters News.  

o  Developed a custom tokenizer that is used as the foundation for subsequent processors such as sentence 

splitter, lemmatizer and part-of-speech tagger. 

o  Performed micro-benchmarking to measure the performance of the deep learning model deployed. 

-  Measured the semantic similarity of training text data and removed large number of similar texts.  
-  Developed an assessment pipeline using Python to streamline the process of evaluating the accuracy of deep 

learning models. This pipeline reduces the time for model evaluation by 1 hour.  

-  Developed a custom web API demo of TRIT using Python for investment professionals. 

GENERAL ELECTRIC (HEALTHCARE) – Business Analyst (Part-time Intern) 
              Oct 2017 – April 2018 
-  Collaborated with finance, operations and commercials departments to understand their needs to come up with 

 

effective KPIs and explore possibilities of process improvements using data analytics. 

-  Created  4  new  dashboards  that  streamline  the  decision-making  process  by  generating  real-time  analysis, 

reducing more than 2 hours of creating weekly reports and set the cornerstone for more self-service analytics. 

-  Spearheaded a business process documentation project with 3 other interns to enhance operational consistency 

and set the cornerstone for future analytics initiatives.  

SMU – TCS ICITY RESEARCH LAB – Data Science Research Assistant   
- 

                              May 2017 – Aug 2017 
Analysed the sleep data of elderly in 2 years and utilized Extended Changepoint Model for Statistical Process 
Control using Nonparametric Mann-Whitney test to detect abnormal changes in the sleep pattern of elderly. 
Detection of such changes is important because it is the indication of a changing health pattern. 
Researched and compared a new unobtrusive sleep monitoring method, which uses only motion sensors and 
door contacts, with existing methods that are being used around the world to measure sleep quality. 
Presented research findings in a technical paper  titled “Change Detection Method for Elderly Sleep Patterns 
Using Motion Sensors” that is used for Internet of Things technology conferences.  

- 

- 

LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE 

SMU Business Intelligence & Analytics – Curriculum Developer                                                                      Oct 2017 – Present 
-  Design the curriculum for workshops on data analytics using Python and data visualization using Tableau. 
-  Work with a team of 17 executive members to develop a community for everyone to learn analytics together. 

SMU Project Chong Chong 6 – Team Leader  
- 
-  Organised a fundraising event and successfully raised around 2,000SGD to help the underprivileged children. 

Led a team of 16 Singaporean members to a village in Cambodia – Vietnam boundary to teach English. 

                Dec 2016 – Apr 2017 

 

 

 

 

 

SKILLSET & OTHER INFORMATION 

Programming Languages: 
Tools: 
Data Analytics Concepts: 

Development Concepts:  

 

 

Java, Python, SQL, HTML, CSS (In order of proficiency) 
GitLab, Tableau, TIBCO Spotfire, SAS Enterprise Guide 
Database  Design,  Data  Cleaning,  Data  Visualization, 
Data Mining, Natural Language Processing 
Test-driven  development,  Concurrent  programming, 
Object-oriented programming 

