FRANCIS THERESE CAEDO CALALANG 

francistcalalang@gmail.com | 070-3982-0204 

linkedin.com/in/francistcalalang

SHORT TERM CAREER ASPIRATIONS
• To gain valuable hands-on experience in a challenging environment where I will be able to learn and develop skills 

applicable across various industries. 

• To  gain  further  exposure  and  understanding  of  the  different  aspects  of  internal  departments  to  complement  my 

previous internship experiences.

KEY SKILLS

Language: fluent in English, Tagalog, and Japanese (JLPT N2) 
Leadership and Teamwork: worked with people from different backgrounds due to wide 
exposure to cultures by living in seven countries and adaptability. 
Verbal communication: able to articulate messages clearly and adapt to new environments

WORK EXPERIENCE
2018  
May - Present

Tokyo Japan

2018 
April - Present

Tokyo, Japan

2018 
Feb - March

2017 
Jul - Sep

Tokyo, Japan

Tokyo, Japan

Freelance | Market Researcher 
- Researching and reporting on the tech consumer market and competitors.
Education First | Designer (Part-time) 
- To assist the lead designer with online and offline publications using 
Adobe Illustrator.
Junction Tokyo | Visual Creator and Website Content Manager 
- Responsibilities include creating visual promotion materials and website 
management for Tokyo’s largest international hackathon. 
IBM Japan | Marketing Communications and HR Internship 
-

[Brand Systems] Proposal for reporting cadence and frequency by gaining 
insight into a marketing content performance platform and data analysis. 
[Internal  Communications]  Proposed  engagement  programs  to  drive 
employee engagement based on survey data. 
[Executive Communications - Collaborative Calendar Project] Introduced 
to alleviate communication complications. 
[HR] Strategy development to drive women participation in STEM

-

-

-

2017 
Jan - Sep

Tokyo, Japan 

LIFE STYLE Inc. | Internship 
- Market research of the virtual reality industry and potential partners

EDUCATION
2015–Present  Waseda University 

2011–2015

2009–2011 

(Tokyo, Japan)
The Alice Smith 
School (Malaysia)
The Regents School 
(Thailand)

B.A. Economics, School of Political Science and Economics 
Expected graduation: Sept. 2019 
Completed I/GCSE and A Levels

Completed Year 7 – Year 9

ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE/VOLUNTEERING
2017

Tokyo, Japan

Slush Tokyo 2017 Team: Marketing Communications Lead 
- Collaborated with Qurate and Adgo for social media ad management and 
live platform respectively 
- Creation of marketing visuals and website content management 
Achievements: #SlushTokyo17 trending on Twitter, 150+ tickets sold on last 
day of Early Bird and marketing with minimal budget
Schools and Charities Director:  KL 24 Hour Race 2014  
- Collaborated with core teams from Malaysia, Hong Kong and Singapore 
and established a relationship with the SUKA Society. 
Achievements:  outreach  of  400  student  runners  and  raised  US$15,000  for 
SUKA  Society.  Received  the  Principal’s  Award  as  a  form  of  recognition  by 
The Alice Smith School. 
ACRES Fundraising Representative 
Achievement: MYR20,000 of funding raised in 3 years (US$ 4900) 

2014

Kuala Lumpur, 
Malaysia

2011- 2014

The Alice Smith 
School, Malaysia

