Ruby Nhan Duong 

04 1618 5220 | 81-86 Courallie Ave, Homebush West 2140, NSW  

rubynhanduong@gmail.com  

 
PERSONAL PROFILE 
Being extremely passionate about business, finance and data; having clear career goals and 
tremendous dedication towards them, I am actively seeking for professional opportunities to 
apply and develop my knowledge, skills and experiences to make an impact on my team, firm 
and society.  
 
EDUCATION 
SP Jain School of Global Management  
Bachelor of Business Administration – Major: Finance, Minor: Entrepreneur  
•  CGPA: 3.7 / 4.3 (Year 1) ; 3.79 / 4.3 (Year 2 – Dean’s List) 
•  Scholarship: $72,000 USD Merit scholarship 
•  Project: Regional Immersion Project 1 - Skin Care Industry in Singapore – Team Leader  

Singapore - Dubai - Sydney 
Expected 2020 

Region  Immersion  Project  2  –  Augmented  Humanity  in  Brand  Building  in  Dubai  –  Team 
Representative.  

 
Pho Thong Nang Khieu – VNU High School for the Gifted  
Vietnamese Language and Literature  
•  GPA: 9.1; 9.0 & 9.2 /10  
•  Scholarship: Lawrence S.Ting Scholarship for Academic Year 2014-2015 
•  Achievements:  

Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam 

o  Direct admission to Business Administration Major – International University  
o  Vietnam National University Entrance Examination Result: top 0.3% of the whole country 
o 

“Representative Student” in Academic Year 2015-2016. Top 3% excellent students in class.  

 

WORK & LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Vietnam  
Strategy Intern, Advisory/Deals  
 

Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam 
May 2018 – August 2018 

o  Engagements with leading companies and conglomerates in  Vietnam and Asia, among were  2 
Fortune  500  companies;  addressing  the  client’s  business  needs,  usually:  market  entry,  market 
assessment, commercial due diligence, vendor due dillegence, M&A, target search and screen, 
feasibility studies, target profiling, and others.  
Industries:  pangasius  export  market,  biofuel  industry,  healthcare  industry,  logistics  and 
transportation, construction industry under PPP and BOT, consumer electronics, wooden furniture 
industry, electricity industry, etc… 

o 

o  Conducted primary and secondary research (desktop research and in-depth interviews) on various 

industries in Vietnam and Asia.  

o  Prepared user-friendly Excel databook in every project assigned 
o  Developed PowerPoint reports to clients, incorporating quantitative and qualitative analysis. 
o  Supported associates, senior associates and managers in other research tasks and ad hoc work 

regarding data gathering, entering, processing and analyzing.  

o  Performed strategic and financial analysis of clients from historical performance to develop insights 

regarding strategic direction.  

o  Turned insights into practical and achievable recommendations  

 
Bornga Korean BBQ Restaurant, Singapore  
Customer Service Staff, Operations Team  

       Singapore 
Jan 2017 to August 2017 

•  A  team  player  who  collaborated  with  other  team  members  to  deliver  the  most  enjoyable  dining 

experience for customers 
o  Flexibly  served  6  to  8  tables  at  a  time  by  multitasking  skills:  greeting  entrance,  moderating 

customer in-flows, taking order, making recommendations, serving food and setting up tables. 

o  Established good relationships with 4 regular customers 
o  Shortened  15  to  20  minutes  of  the  last  shift  by  planning  and  organizing  operational  tasks 

efficiently for a small team of 4 to 5 employees.  

 
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam  
American Academy Vietnam (AMA) 
Sep 2016 to Dec 2016 
English Teaching Assistant – English Teacher  
•  Successfully delivered English-learning sessions on KET and PET Cambridge Qualifications both as 

a teaching assistant and an independent teacher.  

o  Supervised the class and assisted the main teacher with their agenda  
o  Being appointed to be the lead teacher of a group  of 3 to  5 students  after the first month  of 

working based on outstanding performance. 

o  Organized learning schedule and taught a group of 3 to 5 students. 

 
Young Entrepreneurs Adventure Vietnam (YEA Vietnam)  
Internal Communication Coordinator, 
Human Resources Department  
August 2016 to Dec 2016 
•  A coordinator who helped communication between different departments and among members more 

Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam 

effective. 
o  Successfully planned and organized 3 big team meetings in 3 consecutive months. Attendance 

o 

rate increased 50%. 
Initiated and executed “People of Yea Vietnam” Project with 100% co-operation from all members 
and received positive evaluation by the Executive Team.  

o  Assisted HR Manager with recruiting, retaining and training the manpower of the organization. 

Increased the productivity of the organization by 30% measured by KPI.  
 

SKILLS, ACTIVITIES & INTERESTS 
Technical Skills:  
•  MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint), Tableau, Bloomberg Terminal, Hadoop 
 
Certifications & Training:  
•  Bloomberg Academy Singapore 18/6/2018 – 22/6/2018 

Sponsored travel and accomodation expenses 

•  Bloomberg Market Concepts (Certificate from Bloomberg Education) 
•  Business Metrics for Data-driven Companies (Certificate from Duke University through Coursera)  
• 
•  Google Analytics for Beginner (Certificate from Google Analytics Academy) 
•  The  Language  and  Tools  of  Financial  Analysis  (Certificate  from  Universiry  of  Melbourne  through 

Introduction to Big Data (Certificate from Universiry of California, San Diego through Coursera) 

Coursera) 

•  Top 10 - Vietnamese Delegate in Thailand - ASEAN Citizens Contest 2016  
 
Activities:  
•  Volunteer at Son Ki Shelter, SOS Village in Vietnam 2016 
•  Organizing Board of E-Biz Arena English Eloquence Contest 2016 in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam 
•  Member of External Affairs Department of Business and English Club at Foreign Trade University  
•  Top 21 “YouthSpeak” Competition 2016 by UNICEF and AIESEC 
•  Top 20 “Diamond Challenge” Competition by Hoa Hoc Tro Magazine  
 
Interests: Nutrition and Fitness, Education and Children Empowerment, Psychology, Meditation.  
Referees: Available on request  

